kube-proxy disclaimer about cleanup (#28147)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

  on the DNS records could impose a high load on DNS that then becomes
  difficult to manage.

> Below we'll describe how various kube-proxy implementations work.  In general

Reviewer: nit ([avoid using “we”](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-using-we)):
```suggestion
Later in this page you can read about various kube-proxy implementations work. Overall,
```

you should note that, when running `kube-proxy`, kernel level rules may be

> modified (for example, iptables rules might get created), which won't get cleaned up, 

Reviewer 2: Hi @jayunit100 . Some feedback:
What do you think about removing the first sentence and possibly place this paragraph (or part of the paragraph) in a Note shortcode to callout the content?

Line 247, extra spaces before "Thus"
Line 249, fix typo, "low level", privileged network ...
Line 249, extra spaces before "Although"

Author: sure, commit a suggestion?

in some cases until you reboot.  Thus, running kube-proxy is something that should
only be done by an administrator which understands the consequences of having a

> low leve, priveliged network proxying service on a machine.  Although the `kube-proxy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
low level, privileged network proxying service on a computer.  Although the `kube-proxy`
```

Reviewer: Maybe don't mention the unofficial `cleanup` subcommand at all (if it's not supported).

executable supports a `cleanup` function, this function is not an official feature and
thus is only available to use as-is.

### User space proxy mode {#proxy-mode-userspace}

> In this (legacy) mode, kube-proxy watches the Kubernetes control plane for the addition and

Reviewer: Is this mode legacy, and is that true on all platforms (Windows etc)?

Author: yeah... its definetly legacy for all
